now the Lord spoke to Moses saying speak
now the Lord spoke to Moses saying speak to the children of Israel that they turn
to the children of Israel that they turn
to the children of Israel that they turn and can before pie ha hirez
and can before pie ha hirez
and can before pie ha hirez between middle and the sea opposite
between middle and the sea opposite
between middle and the sea opposite bales Ephraim you shall camp before it
bales Ephraim you shall camp before it
bales Ephraim you shall camp before it by the scene for Pharaoh will say of the
by the scene for Pharaoh will say of the
by the scene for Pharaoh will say of the children of Israel they are bewildered
children of Israel they are bewildered
children of Israel they are bewildered by the land the wilderness has closed
by the land the wilderness has closed
by the land the wilderness has closed them in then I will harden Pharaoh's
them in then I will harden Pharaoh's
them in then I will harden Pharaoh's heart so that he will pursue them and I
heart so that he will pursue them and I
heart so that he will pursue them and I will gain honor over Pharaoh and over
will gain honor over Pharaoh and over
will gain honor over Pharaoh and over all his army that the Egyptians men know
all his army that the Egyptians men know
all his army that the Egyptians men know that I am the Lord and they did so now
that I am the Lord and they did so now
that I am the Lord and they did so now it was told the king of Egypt that the
it was told the king of Egypt that the
it was told the king of Egypt that the people had fled and the heart of Pharaoh
people had fled and the heart of Pharaoh
people had fled and the heart of Pharaoh and his servants was turned against the
and his servants was turned against the
and his servants was turned against the people and they said why have we done
people and they said why have we done
people and they said why have we done this that we have let Israel go from
this that we have let Israel go from
this that we have let Israel go from serving us so he made ready his chariot
serving us so he made ready his chariot
serving us so he made ready his chariot and took his people with him
also he took 600 choice chariots and all
also he took 600 choice chariots and all the chariots of Egypt with captain's
the chariots of Egypt with captain's
the chariots of Egypt with captain's over every one of them and the Lord
over every one of them and the Lord
over every one of them and the Lord hardened the heart of Pharaoh king of
hardened the heart of Pharaoh king of
hardened the heart of Pharaoh king of Egypt and he pursued the children of
Egypt and he pursued the children of
Egypt and he pursued the children of Israel and the children of Israel went
Israel and the children of Israel went
Israel and the children of Israel went out with bogeys so the Egyptians pursued
out with bogeys so the Egyptians pursued
out with bogeys so the Egyptians pursued them all the horses and chariots of
them all the horses and chariots of
them all the horses and chariots of Pharaoh his horsemen and his army and
Pharaoh his horsemen and his army and
Pharaoh his horsemen and his army and overtook them camping by the sea beside
overtook them camping by the sea beside
overtook them camping by the sea beside tyre Huayra before bale zphone and when
tyre Huayra before bale zphone and when
tyre Huayra before bale zphone and when Pharaoh drew near the children of Israel
Pharaoh drew near the children of Israel
Pharaoh drew near the children of Israel lifted their eyes and behold the
lifted their eyes and behold the
lifted their eyes and behold the Egyptians marched after them so they
Egyptians marched after them so they
Egyptians marched after them so they were very offended the children of
were very offended the children of
were very offended the children of Israel cried out to the Lord then they
Israel cried out to the Lord then they
Israel cried out to the Lord then they said to Moses because there were no
said to Moses because there were no
said to Moses because there were no graves in Egypt have you taken as a way
graves in Egypt have you taken as a way
graves in Egypt have you taken as a way to die in the wilderness
to die in the wilderness
to die in the wilderness why have you so dealt with us to bring
why have you so dealt with us to bring
why have you so dealt with us to bring us up out of Egypt is this not the word
us up out of Egypt is this not the word
us up out of Egypt is this not the word that we told you in Egypt saying let us
that we told you in Egypt saying let us
that we told you in Egypt saying let us alone that we may serve the Egyptians
alone that we may serve the Egyptians
alone that we may serve the Egyptians for it would have been better for us to
for it would have been better for us to
for it would have been better for us to serve the Egyptians and that we should
serve the Egyptians and that we should
serve the Egyptians and that we should die in the wilderness do not be afraid
die in the wilderness do not be afraid
die in the wilderness do not be afraid stand still and see the salvation of the
stand still and see the salvation of the
stand still and see the salvation of the Lord which he will accomplish for you
Lord which he will accomplish for you
Lord which he will accomplish for you today for the Egyptians whom you see
today for the Egyptians whom you see
today for the Egyptians whom you see today you shall see again no more
today you shall see again no more
today you shall see again no more forever the Lord will fight for you and
forever the Lord will fight for you and
forever the Lord will fight for you and you shall hold your peace
you shall hold your peace
you shall hold your peace and the Lord said to Moses why do you
and the Lord said to Moses why do you
and the Lord said to Moses why do you cry to me
cry to me
cry to me tell the children of Israel to go
tell the children of Israel to go
tell the children of Israel to go forward but lift up your rod and stretch
forward but lift up your rod and stretch
forward but lift up your rod and stretch out your hand over the sea and divide it
out your hand over the sea and divide it
out your hand over the sea and divide it and the children of Israel shall go on
and the children of Israel shall go on
and the children of Israel shall go on dry ground through the midst of the sea
dry ground through the midst of the sea
dry ground through the midst of the sea and I indeed will harden the hearts of
and I indeed will harden the hearts of
and I indeed will harden the hearts of the Egyptians and they shall follow them
the Egyptians and they shall follow them
the Egyptians and they shall follow them so I will gain honor over Pharaoh and
so I will gain honor over Pharaoh and
so I will gain honor over Pharaoh and over all his army his chariots and his
over all his army his chariots and his
over all his army his chariots and his horsemen then the Egyptians shall know
horsemen then the Egyptians shall know
horsemen then the Egyptians shall know that I am the Lord when I have gained
that I am the Lord when I have gained
that I am the Lord when I have gained honor for myself over Pharaoh his
honor for myself over Pharaoh his
honor for myself over Pharaoh his chariots and his horsemen
the angel of God who went before the
the angel of God who went before the camp of Israel moved and went behind
camp of Israel moved and went behind
camp of Israel moved and went behind them and the pillar of cloud went from
them and the pillar of cloud went from
them and the pillar of cloud went from the Fulton and stood behind them so it
the Fulton and stood behind them so it
the Fulton and stood behind them so it came between the camp of the Egyptians
came between the camp of the Egyptians
came between the camp of the Egyptians and the camp of Israel
and the camp of Israel
and the camp of Israel thus it was a cloud in darkness to the
thus it was a cloud in darkness to the
thus it was a cloud in darkness to the one and it gave light by night to the
one and it gave light by night to the
one and it gave light by night to the other so that the one did not come near
other so that the one did not come near
other so that the one did not come near the other all that night
the Moses stretched out his hand over
the Moses stretched out his hand over the sea
and the Lord caused the scene to go back
and the Lord caused the scene to go back by a strong east wind all that night
and made the sea into dry land and the
and made the sea into dry land and the waters were divided
so the children of Israel went into the
so the children of Israel went into the midst of the sea on the dry ground and
midst of the sea on the dry ground and
midst of the sea on the dry ground and the waters were a wolves event on their
the waters were a wolves event on their
the waters were a wolves event on their right hand and on their left and the
right hand and on their left and the
right hand and on their left and the Egyptians pursued and went after them
Egyptians pursued and went after them
Egyptians pursued and went after them into the midst of the sea all Pharaoh's
into the midst of the sea all Pharaoh's
into the midst of the sea all Pharaoh's horses his chariots and his horsemen now
horses his chariots and his horsemen now
horses his chariots and his horsemen now it came to pass in the morning watch
it came to pass in the morning watch
it came to pass in the morning watch that the Lord looked down upon the army
that the Lord looked down upon the army
that the Lord looked down upon the army of the Egyptians through the pillar of
of the Egyptians through the pillar of
of the Egyptians through the pillar of fire and cloud and he troubled the army
fire and cloud and he troubled the army
fire and cloud and he troubled the army of the Egyptians
of the Egyptians
of the Egyptians he took off their charities so that they
he took off their charities so that they
he took off their charities so that they drove them with difficulty an Egyptian
drove them with difficulty an Egyptian
drove them with difficulty an Egyptian said let us free from the face of Israel
said let us free from the face of Israel
said let us free from the face of Israel for the Lord fight for them against the
for the Lord fight for them against the
for the Lord fight for them against the Egyptians
Egyptians
Egyptians remember Lord said to Moses stretch out
remember Lord said to Moses stretch out
remember Lord said to Moses stretch out your hand over the sea that the waters
your hand over the sea that the waters
your hand over the sea that the waters may come back upon the Egyptians on
may come back upon the Egyptians on
may come back upon the Egyptians on their chariots and on their horse and
their chariots and on their horse and
their chariots and on their horse and Moses stretched out his hand over the
Moses stretched out his hand over the
Moses stretched out his hand over the sea and when the morning of you
sea and when the morning of you
sea and when the morning of you the sea returned to its full deck while
the sea returned to its full deck while
the sea returned to its full deck while the Egyptians were fleeing into
so in the water were through the
so in the water were through the Egyptians in the midst of the sea
and the waters returned and covered the
and the waters returned and covered the chariots the horsemen and all the army
chariots the horsemen and all the army
chariots the horsemen and all the army of Pharaoh that came into the sea after
of Pharaoh that came into the sea after
of Pharaoh that came into the sea after nine not so much as one of them remained
but the children of Israel had walked on
but the children of Israel had walked on dry land in the midst of the sea and the
dry land in the midst of the sea and the
dry land in the midst of the sea and the waters were a wall to them on their
waters were a wall to them on their
waters were a wall to them on their right hand and on their left so the Lord
right hand and on their left so the Lord
right hand and on their left so the Lord saved Israel that day out of the hand of
saved Israel that day out of the hand of
saved Israel that day out of the hand of the Egyptians and Israel saw the
the Egyptians and Israel saw the
the Egyptians and Israel saw the Egyptians dead on the seashore thus
Egyptians dead on the seashore thus
Egyptians dead on the seashore thus Israel saw the great work which the Lord
Israel saw the great work which the Lord
Israel saw the great work which the Lord had done in Egypt so the people fear the
had done in Egypt so the people fear the
had done in Egypt so the people fear the Lord and believed the Lord and his
Lord and believed the Lord and his
Lord and believed the Lord and his servant Moses